[Anna] Hello, my name is Anna. I am 23 years old.
[Anna] I am from Italy. I am a student.
[Mark] Hi, Anna. I am Mark. I am 30. I am from Canada.
[Mark] I am an engineer. I work in a big company.
[Kate] Nice to meet you. My name is Kate. I am 26. I am from the UK. I am a teacher.
[Anna] Kate, where do you live? Do you live in a house?
[Kate] No, I live in a small flat in London. I live here with my cat. Mark, do you have a big family?
[Mark] Yes, I do. I have a wife and two brothers. We live in a big house with a garden.
[Mark] Anna, what about you?
[Anna] I live with my parents and my sister. Our house is near the university.
[Mark] Anna, what is your daily routine?
[Anna] I get up at 7 o'clock. I drink orange juice and go to my classes. I study all day.
[Kate] I get up early too. I go to school and help my pupils. In the evening, I am tired. I like to cook dinner.
[Mark] I get up at 8 o'clock. I drink strong coffee. I work from 9 to 5.
[Anna] What do you like to eat for dinner?
[Kate] I love Italian food. I like pizza and pasta. I drink tea with lemon.
[Mark] I like fish and vegetables. I don't like meat. I drink a lot of water.
[Anna] I like fruit and salad. My favorite drink is milk.
[Kate] Mark, what are your hobbies?
[Kate] What do you do on weekends?
[Mark] I like photos. I take many pictures of nature. I also like swimming. And you, Anna?
[Anna] I love music. I play the guitar. Sometimes I go to the cinema with my sister.
[Kate] That is great. I like books and long walks in the park.
[Mark] It is very interesting. Nice to meet you.
[Anna] Nice to meet you too.
[Kate] Have a nice day.